DEV-934: Update guide references from IAV to use Plaid Link instead (#356)
Dwolla/dev-portal: pages/guides/receive-money/add-funding-source.mdx

The destination party, or the party receiving funds, does not need to have a verified funding source to receive these funds.

## Bank Addition and Verification Methods

There are currently two ways of adding a bank to a Customer with the Dwolla API. A simplified table below outlines the similarities and differences of each method.

| Bank Addition Method                                                                                                  | Will the bank be verified?    | Required Information            |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| API - Account & Routing Number                                                                                        | Optional - With Microdeposits | Bank Account and Routing Number |
| Third Party - Plaid ([Example](https://github.com/Dwolla/integration-examples/tree/main/dwolla-plaid-funding-source)) | Yes                           | Online Bank Credentials         |

## Step 2A: Add a Bank to an Unverified Customer

> In this step, we will create and attach a verified funding source to your Customer, which will be done using Plaid Link, a third-part bank verification provider. This method will give your Customers the ability to add and verify their bank account in a matter of seconds by authenticating using their online banking credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this step, we will create and attach a verified funding source to your Customer, which will be done using Plaid Link, a third-party bank verification provider. This method will give your Customers the ability to add and verify their bank account in a matter of seconds by authenticating using their online banking credentials.
```

Once your Customer reaches the page in your application to add a bank account, you will first use Plaid Link to authenticate the user's bank account, exchange the `public_token` for a `processor_token`, and then send the `processor_token` to Dwolla to create the funding source.

> To integrate Dwolla with Plaid, we recommend checking out our [Add a Bank via Dwolla + Plaid Integration](/guides/plaid) guide. Additionally, if you would like to see a working example that creates a Dwolla funding source and instantly verifies it via Plaid Link (using Next.js/React), we recommend checking out our [dwolla-plaid-funding-source](https://github.com/Dwolla/integration-examples/blob/main/dwolla-plaid-funding-source) integration example on our GitHub profile.

Reviewer: Apologies for overlooking this earlier. Can we change the second sentence to the following? 

```suggestion
To integrate Dwolla with Plaid, we recommend checking out our [Add a Bank via Dwolla + Plaid Integration](/guides/plaid) guide. Additionally, if you would like to see a working example that verifies a bank via Plaid Link (using Next.js/React) and attaches it as a verified funding-source to a Dwolla Customer, please check out our [dwolla-plaid-funding-source](https://github.com/Dwolla/integration-examples/blob/main/dwolla-plaid-funding-source) integration example on our GitHub profile.
```

## Step 2B: Handle Webhooks

> Similar to creating a funding source manually and verifying it via microdeposits, when a funding source is created and instantly verified via Plaid Link, you will receive two webhooks: `customer_funding_source_added` and `customer_funding_source_verified`. The former is sent when the funding source is created, whereas the latter is sent when the funding source has been verified via your integration with Plaid.

Reviewer: Ah, in case of adding a bank that has been verified by Plaid, both of these webhooks are sent together, or immediately back-to-back. The current sentence might lead readers to misunderstand that they can have an unverified funding-source first, then go through the Plaid flow.
